OADP-3215: Implement suggestions related to MCG (#89042)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-about-backup-snapshot-locations-secrets.adoc

[discrete]
== Backup locations

> You can specify AWS S3-compatible object storage as a backup location, such as Multicloud Object Gateway (MCG); Red Hat Container Storage; Ceph RADOS Gateway, also known as Ceph Object Gateway; {odf-full}; or MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify one of the following AWS S3-compatible object storage solutions as a backup location:

* Multicloud Object Gateway (MCG) 
* Red{nbsp}Hat Container Storage
* Ceph RADOS Gateway; also known as Ceph Object Gateway
* {odf-full}
* MinIO
```

Suggest to use a bullet list for better readability/structure
